I would like to advise you, if you dare to do anything to my father again.
Tianyi. are you in it?
Then what are you doing here so late?
Take away more of the documents I translated,
Ive already translated it. Just sent it to you.
Now shoot and send,
Collide with him to save me. You kill me again.
Not going,
The file is urgent. Lets take a look at the documentation first.
Whatever it is, let’s talk about it tomorrow. Go down,
When did you come back? How did you recover from the injury?
As soon as I got home, I invited some killers,
All solved. But in fact, there are still people lying in wait who will hurt my father.
Just come and take a look. I check everything carefully outside of etiquette,
There is no danger. But father,
Enemies accuse you of all your actions,
Im afraid that killing people should not be mentioned.
we have to make plans
You have to make plans
Bye bye
embrace every life